# FlipWords
An educational application designed to allow users to create flashcards. At the initial level, will be used by parents to make flash cards for their kids. Later interface can be made more complex for users wanting to create flash cards for facts, definitions, or items to review for tests. 

This will be my first attempt at front and back end development to create a full app. 

Intended features for V1:
An admin user who can use a 4-digit pin to create batches of flash cards.
  - Content can be words or numbers, possibly colors
  - Batches of no more than 20 items can be stored and recalled. Up to 10 batches at a time can be saved within the application.
  - interface for user to create each card and save the card to a new or existing batch. Batches can be viewed and edited easily.
A "user" - can then choose batches to review. 
  - each item in the batch will display (display of items in the list can / should be random?) for review by user.
  - User will be able to choose a check box showing they know the item, they need to review the item, or they don't know the item at all. 
    - this status can be tracked and used for review - further flipping through each batch will gradually pare the items displayed down as user marks items as known. reviewable and unknown items will continue to be shown until user marks them known. 
    
Future features as versions progress:
- progress can be tracked for the user - how many times they've accessed each batch, and how many times each item was passed before marked as known in total review sessions. Information can be viewed at the admin level to target knowledge checks and guide creation of new batches to target gaps to be reviewed.
- I'd like to figure out how to add sound files in a practical way so there can be a review phase to looking at the cards before users review batches in cases where the cards are being used to review numbers, colors, or words for younger users. One thought was if somehow a call can be made to the sound file generated by Google Translate for the initial word. 
- Foreign language study - double sided cards for translation reviews.
